what's up guys I'm Bobby's snapchat we
all love snapchat we get to see into the
personal lives of our favorite youtubers
musicians friends but we all know some
people who just don't seem to get it so
I present to you the don'ts of snapchat
don't do these things don't send a 1
second snapchat wait what was that what
does that even say on the other side of
that you don't want to make a 300 second
story snapchat
don't screenshot every snapchat it's
kinda creepy
don't snap chat with someone else's snap
chatting what's up snap job just I like
burgers come on man don't accidentally
send your snapchats the wrong person
what hi I've been waiting for this day I
I just want to let you know I love you I
love you a lot
he'll do anything for you time to send
it
Oh No
Oh Oh what do I know that's the video
thank you guys for watching now it's
your turn snapchat me a selfie of you
watching this video I make weekly videos
on my main show so be sure to subscribe
the link is down below and be sure you
subscribe to awesomenesstv if you can
have a snapchat conversation with one
person in the entire world who would it
be well let me know in the comments
below be sure to give this video a
thumbs up if you liked it i'm bobby and
i'll see you next time bye